Mobile refactoring: adops focus (#5507)
prebid/prebid.github.io: _includes/mobile/intro-bidding-only.md

## Overview

This how-to guide covers the original approach for integrating the Prebid SDK into your app with the GMA SDK. It utilizes:

- **Prebid SDK** and **Prebid server** to handle the bidding and auction process.
- **GAM** and the **Google Mobile Ads (GMA) SDK** manage the ad inventory and select the winning ad to display.
- **Prebid Universal Creative** renders display ads when a Prebid bid wins.

> - **GMA SDK** renders video ads when a Prebid bid wins.

Reviewer: Two points here
- remove `video` ads, since **GMA SDK**  is used for both banner and video. 
- add Google IMA SDK for In-stream integration scenario. In-Stream don't use GMA SDK at all.

If you do not have GMA SDK in the app, refer to the [Google Integration Documentation](https://developers.google.com/ad-manager/mobile-ads-sdk/{{include.platform}}/quick-start).

### Alternative Approaches

> Another way to integrate GAM into your app is with the [Prebid-Rendered Integration integration](/prebid-mobile/modules/rendering/{{include.platform}}-sdk-integration-gam.html).

Author: ```suggestion
Another way to integrate GAM into your app is with the [Prebid-Rendered Integration](/prebid-mobile/modules/rendering/{{include.platform}}-sdk-integration-gam.html).
```

| Support for MRAID 3.0 | | <img alt="check" src="/assets/images/icons/icon-check-green.png" width="30"> |
| Support for SKAdnetwork | | <img alt="check" src="/assets/images/icons/icon-check-green.png" width="30"> |
| Loads data from Prebid Cache | <img alt="check" src="/assets/images/icons/icon-check-green.png" width="30"> | |
| Supports instream video | <img alt="check" src="/assets/images/icons/icon-check-green.png" width="30"> | |
| Triggers billing and Notice URLs | <img alt="check" src="/assets/images/icons/icon-check-green.png" width="30"> | |
| Supports Third Party Rendering libraries | | <img alt="check" src="/assets/images/icons/icon-check-green.png" width="30"> |

**Notes:**

- On one hand, using Prebid Cache reduces the amount of data that must be sent to the mobile device -- the body of the creative does not need to be transmitted for bids. On the other hand, though, when a bid wins in the ad server, the body of the creative must be retrieved from the cache.
- It is possible to mix-and-match implementations within an app. e.g. you could implement instream video with the Bidding-Only approach and other adunits with Prebid-Rendered.

### Prerequisites

> The GAM Prebid-Rendered Integration method assumes that you have the following components:

Author: ```suggestion
The GAM Bidding-Only Integration method assumes that you have the following components:
```
